
                    Yet Another Lame Party Official Report

  This is the official report of Yet Another Lame Party, organized in Belgrade,
Yugoslavia on May 25th 1997 by MindEscapE with Renegade and Alcal Pone. The
compos lasted approximately from 19:00 to 01:00.


Results

PC DEMO

1. Virtual Insanity by Black Plum
2. Ace CD Collection #4 intro by Hyperopia
3. The Ultimate Solution by Demoniac/New Primitives

AMIGA DEMO

There were no Amiga demos at the party :(

C64 DEMO

1. Tautologic by Victory + TempesT

256 BYTES DEMO

1. TIE Fighter by Suicidal/Lucid
1. Fire! by Rep/Titan
3. 256 by Nucleus/Tempest

ANSI

There were no ANSI's either (read the note under "Failures" below)

ASCII

1. Horny Things in the Swamp by Phuzzy Logic/DepthCharge
2. Napad Vesh Mashina Ljudozdera Ubica sa Marsa Dva by N0pe Dope/PaS MaterS
3. Yet Another Lame Party by Green Tooth/NeverMind

PIXEL GFX

1. Wash Me! by Jamon/Juice/Hyperopia
2. Slamm by N0pe Dope/PaS MaterS
3. Inside by Neutron/Lucid

PHOTOSHOP GFX

1. No Title by Nom/Hive Studio
2. Cyber by Hive Studio
3. It's Alive! by Paranoid/CoRRoSioN

RENDERED GFX

1. Jagodina by Kolja
2. Proba 19 by Trippers
3. Saucer by N0pe Dope/PaS MaterS

C64 GFX

1. Jodie by JB/No Name/TempesT/Industry
2. Arise by Phantom/Lepsi/Panic
3. The Healer by JB/No Name/TempesT/Industry

ANIMATION

1. Dancing Teddy by N0pe Dope/PaS MaterS
2. Lamp by Maverick/Acid Dream
3. No Title by dNk/NeverMind

4 CHANNEL

1. Faceless by N0pe Dope/PaS MaterS
2. X2 Remix by Paranoid/CoRRoSioN
3. BassHop by NotSafe/CoRRoSioN

MULTICHANNEL

1. 48 by BP/Hyperopia
2. IK 96 by DM/Victory
3. Escape from Reality by B.O.B./Lucid

C64 MUSIC

1. 1993 by String/ex-Chaos
2. Line by Dalton/Transcom
3. Krupa A440 mix by Phantom/Lepsi/Panic

USELESS UTILITY

1. Fraktalni Generator Shvajcarskih Shumovitih Planina sa Zvukom i Atmosferom,
   a bez Mogucnosti Snimanja by Woodoo/PaS MaterS and N0pe Dope/PaS MaterS
2. CheckMonitor v1.0 by Phuzzy Logic/DepthCharge
3. Garbage Grafix Generator by Kiso Qpus/PaS MaterS & N0pe Dope/PaS MaterS


Prizes

  We weren't too strong on this field, we only found two sponsors who donated
3 CD's each, plus the Ecstasy BBS gave a copy of Ecstasy CD collection as an
additional prize. These were given to the winners of the PC Demo, Pixel,
Photoshop, Rendered, Animation, 4 Channel and Multichannel categories.
Additionally, the winners in all categories got wonderful, exceptional, very
limited series, priceless YALP T-shirts. Don't forget that the entrance was
free :)


Voting Irregularities

  As we had decided to make the entrance to YALP free, the classical "one
ticket, one votesheet" concept couldn't be applied, so we just tried to give
every present person one sheet. However, it wasn't too hard for determined
voters to get their hands on more than one votesheet. In spite of the
remarkable similarity in votes and handwriting of some sheets, we decided to
disregard none of them, as we believe everyone had the same chance to cheat.

  Certain two members of Vortex would have won the 2nd place in the Pixel compo
and the 3rd place in the Photoshop compo, but since we the organizers find
their entries not nearly as good as the other high-ranking ones, we decided to
disqualify them so that we don't get accused for fixing votes. So,
unofficially, they DID win those places, but if we put that official, nobody
would believe us we had not fixed the votes. As of those two - don't worry
about them, they are our groupmates and they'll surely understand.

  Right there on the spot we had to count the votes VERY fast, so two mistakes
got through: in the 256 Byte Demo category, the TIE fighter by Suicidal/Lucid
was found to have 1 vote more than the second-ranking Fire! by Rep/Titan.
However, during the careful vote-check later, we discovered that those two had
exactly equal numbers of votes. Also, in the Rendered category, Proba 19 by
Trippers was declared winner, but later we found out that Jagodina by Kolja
Tatic had more votes. The lists in this report are corrected, but we cannot
provide the deserved prizes for Rep/Titan and Kolja. We are most terribly sorry
for this, but since the prizes were of little material value anyway (T-shirts
and a CD) we hope those two will forgive us.


Entry Notes

  Ace CD Collection #4 Intro by Hyperopia was not a "previously unreleased
production" and it was submitted way after the deadline; also, the C64 pic
Uriboric Forms by Phantom/Lepsi/Panic was not submitted executable, as it
should have been. However, we accepted these contributions because their
irregularities did little harm and their compo categories weren't really
overcrowded.

  N0pe Dope/PaS MaterS really flooded us with all those contributions and got
some 25% of the prizes - totally deservedly. In case you don't understand
Serbian, his ASCII is called "Attack of The Man-Eating Killer Washing Machines
from Mars Two" and the PaS MaterS useless utility is called "Fractal Generator
of Wooded Swiss Mountains with Sound and Atmosphere, but with No Save Option".


Failures

  Five entries were e-mailed to Han Solo, but the disk with them was lost by
another member of the organizing crew (we'll keep his identity secret to
protect him from bomb-attacks), so they weren't shown. These were: a
multichannel module by Spurious/Dead Clown Records, a 256 byte demo by Veljko
Miljanic and two ANSI's and a 256 byte demo by MasterMind. We are particularly
sorry about MasterMind's works, as there were no other ANSI's submitted and his
256 byte demo stood (in our humble opinion) a chance of winning the compo. The
C64 tune Uphill by DM/Victory was not played because of another obscure mistake
caused by the organizers' sloppiness. But what's done is done.

  For reasons unknown to us, the C64 tune Lullaby Remake by Trugoy/TempesT
crashed on our compo machine (three times!) and the PC demo The Ultimate
Solution by Demoniac/New Primitives played no music (while it normally plays
some). The animation Inside of st. Dimitrije's Basilicas by Power Bugs, Bell
and Utvara could not be played as our video beam did not support such a high
resolution.

  It proved a very bad idea to put all 256 byte demos in one category, as PC
demos were very superior to C64 demos - if there are any 256 byte categories at
the next party, we'll separate them.


Achievements

  We managed to gather a great part of the Yugoslav demo scene at one time and
in one place - far more people than ever before - made them get to know each
other and gave them an unforgettable time. YALP was the first event of its kind
in the history of this country, and we are sure that demo parties will become a
regular event in Yugoslavia in a year or two.

  We have shown to a kind of "wider" audience - passionate BBS'ers and serious
programmers - what demo scene is all about. We have shown to the people that
demo sceners are not strange people living in faraway countries, but flesh and
blood humans you meet every day.

  We made it all a fun event; even when things didn't work, we did our best to
make the party worth staying at. For what we hear of the foreign demo parties,
they usually get a lot more boring than YALP was in any moment. We believe
nobody regretted coming to the party.

  We managed to promote the C64 scene to the Amiga and PC people who mostly
knew nothing of its existence. We had been supposed to show a nice mix of
different styles of C64 demos, but we only had time to show two of them (one of
which was shown incompletely). Nevertheless, the reactions of the audience to
those demos, to the (only) C64 demo that was brought to the compo, to the C64
grafix and muzax and to Paranoid's "Commodore is dead" statement indicate that
we have succeeded.


Acknowledgements

  Turbo mega electro ultra quartz big big big MindEscaping thanks to:

   NeverMind
     for all the Amiga support
   MR Sound
     for the video beam
   Nucleus/Tempest/Equinoxe
     for fixing our cable in the last minute
   Nom/Hive
     for the T-shirt design

  Normal thanks to:

   all visitors and competitors
     for the support
   compo winners
     for the cool works
   useless utility authors
     for making our lives so much happier, juicier and longer
   Phantom/Lepsi/Panic, N0pe Dope/Pas Maters and Kolja Tatic
     for the immense number of contributions
   Bigfoot
     for the help with vote counting
   Hustler/WASP
     for the GUS and VCR
   Marko Savic
     for the disk drive
   Ecstasy board
     for the CD
   all support boards
     for the support :)
   Broker
     for the YALP mailing list
   Tomcat/Controlled Dreams
     for organization tips and spreading the word about the party in Hungary
   Lion/Chromance
     for spreading the word about the party in Hungary
   Fatboy/Hyperopia
     for all the help
   Byterapers and Reflex
     for making "Unsound Minds" and "Nine", which were shown at the party
   Jizzlober's father and Han Solo's father
     for transporting the equipment and cattle ;)
   Harkaster/W[i]GS, Drow/W[i]GS, Kriss/Vortex, Katarina and Verica
     for the moral support
   Media City and MB Soft
     for their sponsorship

  Apologies to:

   Kolja Tatic and Rep/Titan
     for our mistakes with vote-counting and them not getting their prizes
   Power Bugs + Bell + Utvara, MasterMind, Spurious/Dead Clown Records,
   Veljko Miljanic and DM/Victory
     for our failing to show their entries in the compos
   Nucleus/TempesT/Equinoxe
     for Han Solo burning his hand
   all visitors, especially gfx competitors
     for the phukkup during the gfx compos (we fixed that, didn't we?)
   Cooler/Titan
     for the delay in playing his module
   Phuzzy Logic/DepthCharge
     for our failing to show his Scene Strike 1 invitro
   Triad, Blackmail, Crest and Wrath Designs
     for our failing to show "Red Storm", "Dutch Breeze", "Krestology" and
     "Stupidity 3" at the party
   everyone
     for other lame little organization failures that no party is free of

  Kicks to:

   Web
     for deserting us when we needed him the most
   Paranoid/CoRRoSioN
     for his lameass speech at the end

  Best wishes to:

   CoRRoSioN, Phuzzy Logic and N0pe Dope
     with organizing Scene Strike 1


  We hope to see you all again at A Yet Even Lamer Party next year. We'll keep
your favourite sysops informed, so watch out for the invitation. Sincerely, the
organizers (in alpha order):

  Alcal Pone
  Dope
  Han Solo
  Jizzlober
  Renegade
  Spider
  Virulent Void
... IBM

